Narrator:
In New York City war on crime
the worst criminal offenders
are pursued by the detectives
of the Major Case Squad.
These are their stories.
(moaning)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You hardly been here a half hour.
Yeah, well, now I got a half hour
drive back home
before Denise wakes up.
What, her sleeping pills no good anymore?
( snorts )
Come on, baby.
Just hold me.
Come on.
Angie, you know how I feel about you.
I'll call you when I call you.
Henry, wake up.
I need you right now in the kitchen.
Henry, come on, answer me. I mean it.
- What?
- What is that?
It's a condom, Henry. A used condom.
What's it doing on my floor?
Those damn bastards.
God! The parking lot guys.
Last night, at Kray's.
I went there with a client.
What are you talking about?
One of them must've brought
his girlfriend into the car,
and the son of a bitch just threw it,
just left it there on the ground.
And then I get in, you know,
and I step on it,
and it sticks to my shoe,
and then I drag it in here.
Oh...
I'm so sorry.
Oh, sweetheart.
You should just stop taking
clients there.
That'll send them a message.
That is exactly what I'm going to do.
You should make them pay
to clean your car.
I know.
All right, what's the line
on Purdue-Michigan?
Give me a dime on Michigan.
- (knocking)
- Right. I got to go.
Come!
You settled the Kendricks case for 75 grand?!
You could've gotten twice that much.
- Why didn't you call me?
- I did. You didn't answer my pages.
Is that the story you're going to
go with? You see this ring?
Yale Law. Right?
You think they just give these out to idiots?
If I hadn't settled, they might've
actually read the medical report.
Your chiropractor had Mrs.
Kendricks' injury on the wrong shoulder.
- 75 grand was a gift.
- All right, well just check
with me next time.
There's not going to be a next time.
- Mullins and Koop has offered me a position.
- (phone ringing)
Things've been slow around here anyway.
(ringing continuing)
Yeah? Hey, what's going on?
Tonight? No, Angie, I can't tonight.
Because I have a job, that's why.
Okay, okay, okay.
But I can't stay for long.
What? What?
Oh, Angie, I don't have time for this.
- I want to help you relax.
- I'm not in the mood.
You know, Denise nearly caught me last night.
You made me so crazy,
I forgot to take off the damn condom.
It fell out of my pants on the kitchen floor.
Well, we don't have to have sex.
We can just chill out, you know.
- Talk and stuff.
- I can't.
- Not now.
- Well then, when?
3:00 in the morning?
Slam, bang, like I'm some whore?
Angie.
Why can't we just hang out
like a regular couple?
'Cause we're not a regular couple!
We have structure.
- That's the way it has to be.
- Well, screw your structure.
I ain't with it no more.
I want you to leave your wife.
Are you nuts? I'm not leaving Denise.
- You said you were going to take care of me!
- Oh, just take it easy.
You're wife's going to leave you!
- I'm going to call her.
- Don't you dare.
- Let go of me! Let go!
- ( screams )
- ( grunting )
I'm going away for two weeks,
and you've hardly said boo to me.
Stuff's piling up at work.
Are you sure it isn't anything else?
Marie, it's nothing.
Henry, I'm sick of traveling.
I want to be one place.
I want to be with you.
We're good together, aren't we?
I can make you happy. Better than Denise.
Let me think about it.
I’m serious.
I'd do anything to be with you.
I know. Let's skip dessert.
My plane's not till midnight.
We'll get a room near the airport.
Marie, I just want to spend
some time alone... with you.
Two weeks is-- it's just too long
to be away from you, baby.
( theme music playing )
Decedent's Angie Suarez, 24. Lives alone.
No known husband, boyfriend or girlfriend.
Prostitution raps?
She doesn't have a record, period.
Neighbors didn't notice anything.
She have any friends in the building?
No special friend.
General impression is people liked her.
She's just a tiny little thing.
It took a real tough guy to kill her.
Yeah.
Tough guy she liked a lot.
She did her nails,
lipstick, make-up, silk lingerie.
Not cheap for a girl like her.
Scented bath oil.
This was going to be a big date.
I was bringing her some pie my wife made.
Angie was nice to her when I
was in the hospital last fall.
Man, it's an awful thing.
She ever talk about boyfriends?
No. She talked about
her family back in Miami,
about trying to better herself.
How was she doing with that?
- Not too good with the hours she was keeping.
- What hours were those?
Every night around 8:00,
a van would pick her up,
and there would be a driver
with six or seven young Hispanic girls,
all dressed up and looking fine.
She wouldn't get home till 2:00 or 3:00.
- You waited up?
- We'd hear her in the hallway
singing to herself
like she had a couple of drinks too many.
But she always came home alone.
All right. Thank you.
There are hostess bars over in Queens,
cater to a Spanish clientele,
mostly undocumented workers.
They pick up their girls in a van.
Angie works here since last year.
She's a good employee.
She's good at playing
these guys for their money.
You want the girls to talk to you,
you gotta buy them drinks.
Everybody knows the game.
She hasn't been here for a few days.
Because she was strangled
and drowned in her bathtub.
Little Angie?
- No.
- Anyone here good for it?
No. The customers don't know
where they live.
Maybe she was seeing one of them on the side.
House rules. No sex, no dating.
Just talking and dancing.
Dead?
Madre de Dios.
It was someone she knew well.
Maybe someone from here.
Sorry, mister, I have to work.
I can't sit and talk to you.
Let's dance.
I like to dance.
Is that better?
Angie like to dance?
She loved it.
But she don't like this place.
You have to drink to make money,
and she don't like drinking.
And Mr. Casamayor,
he don't treat her so nice.
How's that?
She broke her foot on the stairs
in the subway, and she can't walk,
and he said if she don't come
to work anyway, he going to fire her.
Nice boss.
How about the customers?
Is anyone special?
No, she treat them all the same.
Anyway, she have a boyfriend.
- Who's that?
- I don't know. An Anglo.
She say one day she gonna be with him.
She don't have to work like this no more.
- Thank you, Tia, okay?
- Yeah.
This is for the drinks and for the dance.
Thank you.
No Anglo boyfriends on here.
What about her apartment?
Nothing.
The guy got rid of anything that
might've had his name or number.
- He leave any other calling card?
- Looks like he wiped his
fingerprints off doorknobs,
that sort of thing. No signs of sex.
We got coke residue on a
mirror in the bedroom.
But Angie's tox was negative for drugs.
So we feel pretty good
she wasn't killed by a stranger?
She knew the guy. Good.
Councilman'll be delighted to know it's
not some maniac terrorizing his slum.
You can kick it over to the 1-5.
Why? We got time for this.
Chief of detectives...
Needs a couple of bodies
for the Mayor's Drug Task Force.
Okay, I should know better.
But it's a good opportunity.
Suit yourself.
- You like this case, too.
- Yeah, I like Angie.
The captain's right, the task force
is a good way for you to get noticed.
I didn't take this job to get noticed.
All right, this came in 20 minutes ago.
Female Caucasian, young, blonde,
found nude on Rockaway Beach.
Possible drowning or strangulation.
Five feet tall, slim build.
Big day for little women.
A couple of surfers found her right here.
- Tide's been running high in the last
couple of days?
- About four feet.
- How do you explain she got all
the way up here?
- I don't.
But her lungs are full of water
She drowned
probably after being assaulted
and tossed off a boat.
She's been dead at least a couple of days.
Well, unless they're scenting
the ocean with lavender,
this woman was drowned in a bathtub.
- What are you doing?
- Oh!
Denise, you nearly gave me a heart attack.
What are those?
This is evidence in a case.
This woman got her jacket caught
in a door getting off a bus.
Nearly dragged her half-way down the block.
It sounds like a good case.
Well, might only be worth 15
or 20 grand to the firm.
But the bus company's
really going to make me work for it.
Is everything okay at the firm?
Yeah, on paper, on paper.
It just takes longer and longer
to get the cases settled.
- You need help?
- Oh, Denise.
I know you hate to ask.
I'll talk to Tom at the bank.
Honey.
What would I do without you?
Hand prints around her neck
are similar in size and range
as the ones on Ms. Suarez.
Tox screen was positive
for cocaine and alcohol.
Stomach was full. Clams
casino'd be my guess,
indicating she was killed
about an hour after eating.
- Sexual assault?
- No.
- Negative for all three ports of entry.
- She looks athletic.
Well-developed arms and legs,
stomach like a trampoline,
a tush you could crack walnuts with,
and an excellent body wax,
except of course for the exclamation point.
She could be a stripper...?
These scars on her back, about 6 months old.
Look like glass cuts.
Maybe she fell through
a shower door or a window.
And Angie Suarez broke
her foot eight months ago.
What's this guy's twist
besides picking on petite women?
Neither victim showed
any signs of sexual contact.
No sign the perp gratified himself
on or near the bodies.
But we've got a serial killer, right?
Well, there's a...
Ritualistic aspect to the killings.
Bathtub, similar body types.
But there's no extraneous violence
pre or postmortem.
The murders were committed
within a day or two of each other.
It could be a serial killer
or a killing spree.
(phone ringing)
Deakins. Uh-huh.
Okay. Got it.
Well, whatever they are...
Now there's three of 'em.
Hand prints look the same size
as the other ones.
Same body type. No drowning.
This one was strangled right here.
This is a toe separator for a bunion...
When she runs. She was jogging.
Abrasions on her hands
and knees from the fall.
She was probably attacked
from behind on the path.
The foot's swelled. Feels cracked.
More likely the guy was running
next to her and tripped her.
As if by accident.
There are no drag marks,
so she probably hopped over here
under her own steam or with his help.
Then he went to work on her.
Somebody she knew.
Someone she felt safe with.
None of the witnesses saw her this morning,
but they said she jogged
most days, always alone.
- What do you hear from the precincts?
- No open cases with similar MOS.
We got a pop on the jogger's prints.
Deirdre Carnahan, 33.
She has priors?
Her prints are in the system
because she's a city employee.
- Court clerk's office.
- Civil Court?
Yes.
I'm looking for Angie Suarez's
phone-- phone records.
We have a woman who worked in Civil Court
where personal injury lawsuits are filed.
We have a Jane Doe with a broken wrist
and glass cuts on her back,
probably from an accident.
And we have Angie Suarez...
Who was calling the law firm
of Henry Talbott every other day
since she broke her foot in a slip-and-fall.
Yes, Ms. Suarez was a client of ours.
She was suing the city.
She'd call every so often and ask about it.
- She was very impatient.
- Who was handling her case?
- An associate, Rand Bowers.
- What about this woman?
She had a broken wrist,
glass cuts on her back.
Marie Rimer. She was suing a strip club.
A mirror fell on her when she was
doing a lap dance.
Rand Bowers was handling this case as well.
- Can we speak to Mr. Bowers?
- He doesn't work here anymore.
( knocking )
Anything I can help here with, Anna?
These detectives are asking
about two of our clients,
Angie Suarez and Marie Rimer.
- And why's that?
- They were found murdered.
- Are you Henry Talbott?
- Yeah.
Jeez. What happened?
Maybe we should talk about it in your office.
That's a freak thing,
losing two clients like that.
I guess I’m not surprised. If I remember,
they were employed in marginal lines of work.
- That's right. You're not that involved
in their cases.
- I sign clients.
I hand them off to my associate...
And write them a check at the end of the day.
Delegation. Is that the secret
to success you learned at Yale?
- Your ring.
- Oh.
It's one of my secrets.
What was Rand Bowers' relationship with
Ms. Suarez and Ms. Rimer?
I don't know.
Do you think something
improper was going on?
He knew all the victims.
Another woman was killed with the same MO.
Deirdre Carnahan,
from the court clerk's office.
Her colleagues said she knew Mr. Bowers
from when he came in to file lawsuits.
I should tell you, I fired
Rand Bowers last Monday.
- For what reason?
- His work was erratic.
He wasn't getting his cases settled,
and I don't know if it was the job
or his personal life,
but he seemed like he
was just spinning out of control.
Schultz & Moynahan.
It's a golf tournament.
You used to work there?
Yeah, I was senior partner.
Too much management, not enough law.
Nothing beats flying solo.
( chuckles )
I see you like college hoops.
You have a few games circled here.
I follow the teams.
( laughs ) No, it's all right.
We're not Vice Squad.
(nervous laugh) Okay. Scared me.
Got to do something to relieve the stress.
I'm sure you do.
(phone ringing)
Is that a private line?
It's my wife.
(ringing continues)
- Don't mind us.
- Actually, I do.
Why don't you just...
Leave your name with my secretary,
and if I think of something,
I'll give you a call.
Yeah.
Connecticut? Connecticut is gross.
You've been bugging me
to take you away for the weekend.
- I'm taking you to Connecticut.
- I told you, I want Miami, South Beach.
This time of year? it's like a damned sauna.
You'll like Connecticut.
- It's got a casino.
- ( snorts )
There's no sandy beach there.
Please, Henry, I got beautiful
bikini to wear
with little string go up between here.
Oh, yeah? Why don't you
wear it in the hotel room?
I want to feel the sun on my skin.
You promise me Miami.
You promise we go away for a month.
- I have a law firm to run.
- I think you have other girl.
I think you have wife. I will find out.
Baby, there's no one.
Look...
Just give me this weekend,
and we'll go to Miami for Labor Day.
- Better be not promise.
- Don't worry...
No promise.
Talbott can say whatever he wants,
but he did not fire me.
We're more interested in what
you have to say about him,
starting with the $60,000
settlement to Angie Suarez.
- I don't know anything about it.
- Talbott said the case was never settled.
He said the same thing about Marie Rimer.
The strip club's insurance company
say they wrote a check out for $150,000.
Talbott handled the clients' money, not me.
Ask Suarez and Rimer.
It'll have to come from you, Rand,
because they're dead.
Oh my God.
Oh, that crazy son of a bitch.
Uh, Talbott?
He told me not to tell them
about the settlements.
He said he was keeping the money.
He was investing it or some bull.
I think he was having affairs
with them.
He had them all on speed dial
on his office phone.
- The guy had needs.
- Like gambling?
And coke. He had drawer full of cash
he'd give his secretary
to run errands to his coke dealer;
his bookie.
It's what got him tossed out
of Schultz & Moynahan.
- How does he stay in business?
- Mostly his wife bailed him out.
She's got family money. A lot of it.
Looks like his train's about
to run out of gravy.
( knocking )
Mrs. Talbott, is your husband home?
No, he's away working.
He already left for his office?
No, I meant he's in Pittsburgh
on business until Monday.
- He drove himself to the airport last night.
- Mom, what's going on?
- Go back inside. It's okay. Go.
- Where in Pittsburgh?
He didn't tell me.
I have no idea. What's going on?
We're sorry, but we have a search warrant
and an arrest warrant for your husband.
- Arrest for what?
- Three murders.
Henry never hurt anyone his whole life.
He's never so much as raised his voice at me.
I'm sure that's true, Mrs. Talbott,
but we still need to find him.
I told you, I don't know where he is.
Well, doesn't he have a cell phone?
He turns it off when he's working.
We checked last night's
flights to Pittsburgh
from LaGuardia, Newark, JFK.
Your husband wasn't on any of them.
No. He went to Pittsburgh.
This is Angie Suarez.
She worked in a hostess ban
She was killed Monday by somebody she knew.
She was your husband's client...
And his mistress.
- And he stole $60,000 from her.
- That's not true.
Marie Rimer. She was a stripper.
She was killed Monday or Tuesday
in the same way as Ms. Suarez.
She was also a client, and he slept
with her and stole her money.
Deirdre Carnahan.
She worked in the court clerk's office.
She was another one
of your husband's mistresses.
By the way, he jogs
in the morning, doesn't he?
- Yes.
- Thursday?
I guess. I'm not sure.
Deirdre Carnahan was killed
by someone she was jogging with Thursday.
All these women were killed
by the same man,
the same man they were all sleeping with.
Your husband.
Is something wrong with the floor?
No.
You were remembering something?
No, I was just thinking.
You're completely wrong about Henry.
- He's deceiving you!
- No.
He's my husband. I'm calling my lawyer.
We'll just see how far you get with this.
Talbott knows how to pick them.
There is-- there is one guy
Talbott would stay in touch with.
His bookie.
I don't know anything about bookmaking.
I own a diner. That's my business.
Those envelopes Talbott's secretary brings
you-- what are those, lunch orders?
Mr. Turman, Henry Talbott is a suspect
in the murder of three women.
What do you want me to do about it?
It's late Friday.
There's lots of games on the schedule.
He's going to call in.
We want to put a trace on him.
This is something you want
to help us with, right?
He already called.
- About an hour ago.
- Where was he?
Caller ID had a Connecticut area code.
Sounded like he was at a gas station.
There was a girl with him.
Sounded like a Russian girl.
You guys think he's running?
- Why? How much is he down?
- 120 Gs.
No Russian names among his clients.
Maybe his phone records. You calling in?
Yeah. I'm going to get out notification
to the Connecticut State Troopers.
I'm worried for this girl, whoever she is.
- If she says the wrong thing--
- It may not matter.
Whatever set Talbott off--
maybe one of the girls
threatened to expose him.
He was going to get disbarred,
lose his wife.
He went into panic mode.
Yeah, hook me up to Operations.
Here. Calls to the Mikhailkov
Chiropractic Clinic.
I smell blinis.
The clinic had one of their therapists
spending the weekend in Connecticut
with some mystery boyfriend.
It's her. Irina Konchalovsky.
Troopers found her naked
in a rest stop off I-95
outside of Bridgeport.
The strangulation marks
are probably from a belt.
4 girls in a week. That
guy's cleaning house.
Forensics examined Talbott's office phone.
His speed dial had room for eight numbers.
Two slots were for his wife's numbers,
another slot was his bookie,
5 other slots had their numbers erased.
5 girlfriends. There's one still out there.
- Any way to recover those numbers?
- Once they're gone, they're gone.
But there was a message on his voice mail.
No way to tell how old it is.
I transferred it to tape.
It's me! I'm so sorry, baby,
but I’ll be tied up in report
until 9:00 tonight.
Nothing I can do about it.
I’ll make it up to you.
"In report." That's a hospital
nurse's meeting.
- Our 5th girlfriend's a nurse.
- Check his phone records.
I don't remember any nurses, but there
are calls to a half dozen hospitals.
Better get started.
Let's not let this one get away.
Maybe there's a way we could reel Talbott in.
What about between shifts?
Can't we get together?
- I'm on call. I have to sleep here.
- Damn it.
Damn it. Well, when can I see you?
- Wednesday night.
- That's two days.
I know, baby.
Well, just screw it.
- Come-- come away with me now.
- I can't.
I want to so much, baby. I want you.
Look, Dana, I want to stay at your place.
Of course. Did something happen with Denise?
I left her.
Henry, you make yourself
at home for as long as you want.
I got to go. I'll see you Wednesday.
I hear disturbing things about you, Henry,
but your business is your business.
I need you to settle up.
The full 120.
I know you check your messages, Henry.
If I don't hear from you within 24 hours,
my associates'll find you.
There's no second chance on this, Henry.
You got my number. Call me.
- How was that?
- That was pretty good.
What took you so long? You got the money?
- I was just getting ready to leave.
- (sirens blaring )
Freeze! Don't move!
All right, cuff him!
He called and asked me to help him
with his gambling debt.
- Of course I agreed.
- Why couldn't he do it himself?
He's out of town on business. I told you.
We know he's out of town.
Want to see what "business"
he was up to this weekend?
This girl was a therapist at a clinic
that treated your husband's clients.
- It won't end with her.
- I don't want to talk about this anymore.
Since there aren't any charges pending,
I'm walking my client out of here.
Where you going, Mrs. Talbott?
You going to anesthetize yourself
with these pills we found
in your purse and your house?
What do you got there? Sedatives,
sleeping pills, anti-depressants--
I have a medical condition.
My doctor prescribed them.
There's no prescription number on these.
You got these under the table.
The only medical condition
you have is denial.
- Detective!
- Your husband got them for you, didn't he,
from one of his connections?
To help you blot out what you know.
- I don't know anything.
- You know!
Our lab analyzed that spot
on your kitchen floor.
You know, the one that you were staring at?
They found traces of semen and spermicide.
What happened?
Did Henry nail one of his girlfriends
on your shiny floor?!
Did he leave something there for you
to flaunt how little he cares for you?!
Henry cares about me.
Not you. Your money.
Me. He loves me.
Don't you get it?
Even if what you say is true, which it isn't,
if he killed them, he did it for me.
To be with me.
- Denise.
- Henry loves me.
No one's keeping him away
from me or my children.
So much for sisterhood.
She knows something.
It's just a matter
of pushing the right button.
Doctors usually only keep pill samples
in their offices.
Bottles like these--
what, Talbott, got them from
a friendly pharmacist?
Or a very friendly nurse at a hospital.
Those lot numbers are correct.
The bottles did come from our dispensary,
but I can't imagine one
of my nurses stealing.
She would've been pressured
into it by her boyfriend,
- Henry Talbott.
- Have you seen him?
- He's a lawyer.
- Oh, yes.
Every six months he comes around,
hands out his business card
fishing for referrals.
But I don't know if he has
a relationship with anybody here.
He tends to favor petite women
in their 20's or 30's.
That describes a lot of my nurses.
We'd like to show his picture around.
And we need a list of your off-duty nurses.
I'm on my way out right now.
I'll be home in 20 minutes.
What kind of surprise?
A bath? Sounds so sensual.
I'll be there as quick as I can.
We just wanted to make sure you were safe.
Thank you.
Off-duty personnel accounted for.
One thing you can say in Talbott's favor--
he's an equal opportunity sleazeball.
I'm going home and put my feet up.
- See ya Friday, Artie.
- See ya.
I didn't talk to her.
- (sniffing)
- Ahh.
(sighs)
( knocking )
Hey, Don Juan, you're under arrest.
Let me make sure I haven't
missed anything.
There's no physical evidence
of any kind
at the crime scene or in his car.
There's no fingerprints, no fibers,
no witnesses to connect Mr. Talbott
to any of the bodies.
There's no evidence of contact
between Mr. Talbott and any of these girls
that cannot be explained away
by a professional relationship.
We have the kid who used to work for him.
Besides the fact his own conduct
is questionable, he can offer no evidence
that Talbott was sleeping with the victims,
let alone murdered them.
We know he defrauded two of them.
However satisfying that knowledge is,
it doesn't amount to a prosecutable case.
The only charges we can make stick
are gambling and possession of cocaine.
He needs to be caught in the act.
And maybe he can be,
given the right stimulus.
So what happens now?
Now I fill out the booking form.
I need your date of birth.
February 17th, 1957.
I never would've guessed you're over 40.
- Really? Why is that?
- Place of birth?
Queens. St. Mark's Hospital.
I think I know why.
It's because I have a lot of girlfriends
for a guy my age. Is that right?
Maybe it's true. But you ask them.
They'll tell you.
I could never hurt a woman.
It's just-- it's not my nature.
You know,
you should sit up more when you type.
It's bad for your back and your shoulders.
- Think so?
- I've done a lot of repetitive motion cases.
No, more, more.
Straighten your shoulders back there.
Like that, yeah, good.
It feels better though, right?
- I need him in interrogation.
- I'm not done booking him.
-I don't care, I need him in
interrogation now.
- Hey, lay off.
- Hey, it's none of your business.
- Ooh, tough guy.
Stand back from the door.
Well, we're here. Where's he?
He likes to take his time.
I appreciate what you said back there.
I see that kind of stuff all the time.
They do it because they know
they can get away with it.
But I'm not telling you
anything you don't already know.
You're not wearing a wedding ring.
Is that for professional reasons
or 'cause you're single?
I'm single. Very single right now.
I'll bet when guys find out you're a cop,
they don't know how to handle it.
They feel threatened.
They leave you alone
or they try to push you around.
( laughs )
Sounds like every Saturday night
I've had for the last year.
- How do you know so much?
- Because I listen to women.
Is that how you keep all those
women happy, by listening to them?
I listen when they tell me what they like,
what they want.
And then I give it to them.
I have a lot to give the right woman.
I'm going to walk out of here.
And when it's appropriate,
I'd like to call you.
If it's okay with you.
Let's just see what happens here.
Nothing's going to happen.
Just tell me you'll think about it.
- I'll think about it.
- Doesn't have to be anything.
Just a drink. I'm a good listener.
- Stop it.
- You know, you have beautiful hair.
You really believe
if he comes home
that he's going to be a good boy?
Look at him.
His facing four murder charges,
and he still can't help himself
Look how cocky he is.
It’s because he knows
that he has you in his back pocket.
You hoped he'd change.
He-- he won't.
It's the way his brain is wired.
He’s never been the man
you thought you married.
He never will be.
( sobs )
One night, two weeks ago,
I found him in the garage.
He was taking clothes out
of the trunk of his car--
women's clothes.
A white jacket, a red blouse.
He put them in a garbage bag.
It was a great piano ban it was very cozy.
Looks like you started without me.
Where have you been since Thursday night?
Well...
As you probably figured out by now,
I have-- I have a coke problem.
Thursday night I was on a binge.
Coking, drinking.
Anyone with you Thursday to Sunday?
I don't know. Probably the escorts.
You have to check my credit card for that.
When these things happen to me, I...
I become a pretty bad boy.
Why do you keep looking at her
when I'm the one talking to you?
- I'm being polite.
- You were coming on to her, weren't you?
( laughing ) He's...
- You had enough of this guy?
- Plenty.
I need to go wash off the slime.
(laughing)
She's--
she's your-- your type.
Hmm? Hmm?
- Like your girlfriends, Angie, Marie, Irina.
- Those aren't my girlfriends.
Their numbers were on your speed dial.
You erased them, I know,
but our technicians recovered them.
For a Yale lawyer,
you should know better
than to lie about the obvious.
All right, I was seeing them.
Angie, when did you last see her?
Sunday night,
when my wife had already gone to bed.
She said you had dinner with a client.
- That's right.
- What restaurant?
- I don't know.
- You had clams casino.
Tsk, tsk, tsk.
You remember what I said
about lying about the obvious?
So you know I had dinner with Marie.
Then you should also know
that we got out of there just after 8:30.
Marie Rimer. She was a hot little number.
- Who cares?! I went home.
- ( sighs )
You know, I have a theory
about why certain men
are attracted to petite women.
- You want to hear it?
- Not particularly.
Petite women...
Are a snug fit for small men.
That's so ridiculous.
No.
I think I'm onto something here.
Small men can feel like
they have a Titan missile
in their pocket.
Like they're a big man on the campus.
That's how it felt when
you made love to them.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Come on, man, you're a small guy.
What size shoe do you wear? I wear a 13.
You look like... like a nine...
Or more like an eight?
I'm an-- why am I even--
I don't want to talk to you about this!
- Don't drag me into this!
- Ah, you got small hands, too.
(laughing)
- Isn't that the giveaway?
- Ohh.
You've always felt inadequate.
That's why you're always screwing around.
- No. No.
- You couldn't hack it with
the big law firms,
you couldn't "measure" up--
whoops-- to your peers...
That's not true. That's not true.
...while these women,
they made you feel powerful.
You could dominate them.
But one of them, what,
wanted something more from you?
Threatened to have you disbarred?
Ruin your marriage
with that cash machine
that you call a wife?
No, I was home!
Why don't you just ask my wife?!
We did.
She told us about Marie's red blouse,
the white jacket in the trunk of your car!
She knows your game, Henry.
She's been watching you through that glass
ever since you came in here
with Detective Eames.
Oh, Denise...
Denise! Denise!
It's not true. It's not true!
She's through being your lifeboat,
your Rock of Gibraltar, Henry.
Listen to me. It's only been you.
It's only you. I swear to God!
This time she's letting you drown.
No. No, she can't do this.
Why do you think I did this, you bitch?!
- ( sighs )
- Huh?!
I did it for you! You hear me?!
- You hear me?!
- You know what she told me?
She takes drugs
because you couldn't satisfy her!
You never could get her over the hump.
( screams )
You're dead, Denise!
Dead. Do you hear me?
Dead! Don't-- don't leave me!
Denise, Denise.
You're dead! You're dead.
You hear me? You’re dead!
Now she gets to go home and tell her kids.
( theme music playing )
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org